a young Calvin yes said we're live
Lauren Callen we're live we're live
we're live we are live I've been
listening to radio lab on the way over
here and they have a new episode out
about the asteroid impact that killed
the dinosaurs yeah holy shit man
right apparently they tell me if I'm
right about this before you tell me more
because I want to see if I have a little
knowledge there is an under like there's
a very hard layer of rock that covers a
large part of the earth right and that
is proof that somehow there was an
asteroid that hit and it got really
really hot and the rock gotten that is
as a morons version of the science that
they clearly laid out this rock that got
melted this was under the ground
undeniable evidence of a rock of from
the space there's a layer of the earth
the crust of the earth is super hard
because it got really hot after an
asteroid hit everybody not then they
found dinosaur bones in it yeah bro they
source because I'm you know I have
something called the Bible at home some
people don't believe in dinosaurs do you
know that right this flatter of folks
dinosaurs are fake why is it that most
flat earthers from my experience are
generally super good at like a
discipline that has nothing to do with
astrophysics like jiu-jitsu like they
spend a lot of time on a mat but then
they have really strong political
opinions about central bank's I think
it's just a lack of real education and
then you know you get caught up in these
YouTube things that show you a secret
and it's very attractive it's very
attractive to look find out about some
hidden stuff yeah like oh my god I can't
believe they did this they hid from us
the fact that the earth is flat Jesus
Christ space is fake too bro space is
fake satellites aren't real they're
low-flying planes they're planes there
constantly beaming down these
information from the sky satellites are
not real nuclear bombs they're not real
yeah I'm not really just big bombs but
then the problem is when you break your
legging you have to set your bone or you
get staff and you have to trust Big
Pharma to cure it or you use your your
iPhone and it works and you're talking
to somebody and that's a big one so but
why is that technology something you
trust your fucking iPhone has a global
positioning satellite chip and a stop
chorus it links up with the fucking one
that's in the sky and it tells you where
you are on the map that's why your
Google Maps works
jesus fucking I think there are probably
only five or six flat earthers no
there's a lot yeah there's thousands of
them well okay that was me but that
really means only five or six I think
the problem with all of them is that
they just got married to the idea and
then they're fighting it and if you
fight it with someone who doesn't know
what they're talking about not that I do
know what I'm talking about but if you
fight it with like a Sean Carroll or
like a real a real science study they
there's so much evidence that the earth
is round and no evidence that the earth
is flat it's one of those things where
it's just like what are you guys doing
you're chasing your tail yeah this is
crazy too busy I'm busy YouTube I'm too
busy for Bigfoot ideas yeah that's
roughly and that might have been a real
thing it was a real animal there was a
creature yeah there was a real creature
called Gigantopithecus it was a real
animals like eight foot tall bipedal
hominid it absolutely existed probably
yeah a giant a giant gorilla didn't
exist imagine seeing a gorilla right
like Jesus Christ what the fuck is that
thing six foot six hundred talking huge
hairy black beast with a giant chest and
enormous arms and pounds on his chest
runs on all fours and you're like
fucking fangs yeah when they fly through
the air each other in flash Chris mash
into each other and fight holy fuck man
if you didn't know that was real right
now and you ran into a gorilla you'd be
like what the fuck and shit by the way
they didn't know mountain gorillas were
even a thing until the early 1900s there
were legend yeah yeah
when was the discovery of mountain
gorillas don't they think those giant
chimps in the Congo are
our hybrid no they don't anymore because
they have DNA they they're the only
chimpanzee species or subspecies I guess
you'd say that they found that has a
crest on its skull like a gorilla 19:02
bro damn yeah a German explorer Captain
Robert Vaughn bear Ange the mountain
gorilla was named the gorilla Baron G in
honour of the captain yeah fuck look at
Majan that thing how about those hey
that guy who is an anti poaching agent
he helps protect gorillas from poachers
yeah and he got them to pose standing up
in a selfie and even better there's
video of him tickling the gorillas and
the grills laughing yep laughing like a
person yeah it's crazy so was there a
Bigfoot fuck yeah there was a Bigfoot
yeah it was a real thing that's why
there's so many stories about it it
probably died off a hundred thousand
years ago or something right you know -
gorillas ever eat meat or that just
they're just not gorillas no yeah
gorillas are we are closer to
chimpanzees than chimpanzees or gorillas
is that true yeah Wow well III think
it's interesting in Goma where those
groups of male chimps expand their
territory mm-hmm they kill other males
in others and then move their women and
children into the area that they annex
yeah isn't that crazy misha s' they just
as groups fall down fall on the smaller
you know tribes of chimps and decimate
them there are so many so many
similarities to humans yes so many yeah
but these um bondo apes they call them
this is the the giant chimp there's
decent they nest on the ground too like
gorillas are they as violent as they
live in large communities like chimps
the the locals have two names for chimps
over there they have one that they're
called tree beaters those the
regular-sized chimps and the other ones
they call lion killers damn they're so
big they've they've got videos of these
things eating a leopard what yeah they
don't know if it yeah there are enormous
chimps so they don't know if it killed
the leopard or if the leopard died and
they're eating it they don't know but
they do know one was eating a fucking
Leopard so you gotta think yummy kitty
cat when they're standing up they're
taller than me I'm 5/8 there's six feet
tall you're six feet tall yeah
so that your height yeah your height but
a chimp and a jack jump oh god it's
probably 250 300 pounds well they say
that 400 pounds the ones in the zoo they
have something I don't think in the city
zoo no I don't believe they do I think
they do
no they have two giant chimps if you
look at his big chimps those are just
big chimps they're huge they yeah
they've had chimps that are over 200
pounds they've had some enormous chimps
but they've never had one of these did
they live in a very specific area of the
Congo but they've seen them yes they
have video of them they have photographs
of them you can see videos and you see
camera trap photos they're a real animal
it's a really big animal man it's a
really big chimp it's amazing you
imagine see it a six-foot chip no dude
no no they eat you're facing your
genitals no thanks just imagine standing
there you turn a corner and there's a
chimp as tall as you looking at here
disaster yeah I have to go low have you
ever seen was that the word they had a
there was a traveling circus where they
had a chimp and they would muzzle it and
they'd have any man the biggest man that
just to hold the chimp down for six
seconds if you could do our three
seconds and no man has ever been able to
do it they just there's just this is
hotter than 50 pound chimp yeah and you
wouldn't even even if it was muzzled man
it could still rip your arms off like
what are you doing yeah you're made out
of jell-o I'm here held I've held a
small one a big one as hold it was
playing with my puppy and it was I was
this back felt like would would ya like
it's perfectly described that's exactly
I can't Henderson probably yes
exactly he's got to be part chimp yeah
but I had a two one two year old one
once on fear not fear factory news radio
and when we're on the set the scene
actually got cut out we never wanted of
using the scene but there was a guy was
like an animal trainer and he had a
couple different animals with him and
one was a baby chimp in diapers
and this baby chimp got on my back and
beat beat on my back a couple of times
and I was like what the fuck yeah it was
like you hitting me yeah I was like wow
this fucking little tiny thing just
wailed on my Jesus they're so strong -
yeah their little bodies emit just just
hard
like corded no-neck take crazy punish
now but that thing in the Congo ments
it's apparently in a very difficult spot
to reach it's very dangerous to go
through there you know when justin wren
goes through there he has some
hair-raising stories about being held up
at gunpoint
you know people thought they were gonna
they were gonna kill somebody
yeah a lot of the people a lot of the
apparently a lot of the sort of soldiers
and people who committed atrocities from
the the war in Rwanda kind of wind their
bands kind of moved into the Congo and
lived in them in you know in the jungle
who knows who Justin is a lot of crime
justin run that's a saint yeah guys he
digs wells he's a legitimate saint
yeah really is Gauri he's got malaria
three times
visiting the Congo and building wells it
was amazing yeah he taught us some
amazing stories heartbreaking it's
amazing
the cash app which is one of my sponsors
also sponsors fight for the Forgotten
they give people money to give five
dollars every time someone signs up and
uses the code Joe Rogan and they've
built it they're building wells right
now because of that really yeah they
they who was the latest number I forget
what the number was they sent me an
updated like very early on they were
they had built two wells and they built
a bunch more and provided water to a
shit ton of people down there I don't
know those exact statistic I wrote
moonwalking with Einstein the hell's he
it's a book about memory and stuff
really smart guy he lived with the
pygmies in the Congo for a long time no
that's what Justin wrens doing yeah and
said that they smoked copious amounts of
wheat is that the book yeah Joshua for
four interesting what a name yeah we are
for yeah and I said never seen what is
it you know these are people that truly
have been almost untouched by Western
civilization he's like well no I mean
they died of stupid things like you know
you get an infection you know and you
just you know you don't have antibiotics
well a lot of bacteria and parasites and
stuff to get stomach parasites from
water skin diseases and weird things
like that yeah the jungles not even if
you've evolved to live in
it's not a very I spent enough time in
the Indonesian rainforest I've never
seen bugs like that in my life I've
never seen anything like it it's so loud
it sounds like it take the loudest
Street in Manhattan and I'm not kidding
that's how loud the insects and birds
and everything are and then you have to
carry out the bug spray does not work
never tell you this the bug spray you
got to carry a sulfur coil yeah good
luck with the mosquitoes bug spray
they'll laugh at your fucking at your
bug spray you got to carry it you have
to burn a sulfur coil and just carry it
hold it that's crackin when you wake up
did they just they're all over the pier
was says that you were doing this I got
I was 21 did they did they have thermal
cells back then I don't think so yeah
thermo cells with shit if you ever use a
thermos oh now what is that oh my god
they're the fucking game changer really
yeah yeah it's um it's a device that has
like a heating coil in it and some fuel
and you ignite it and the the heating
coil it heats up and you put this little
pad across the screen and this little
pad has this stuff in it the mosquitoes
hate it's probably terrible for you yeah
chemical but the chemical wafts up in
the air and I'm telling you it creates
like a 10-foot bubble around you where
no mosquitoes is great yeah and eat look
even if it's a little bad for you maybe
it's like smoking a pack of cigarettes
yeah
better than good fed on yeah I'm not
using it every day
I wouldn't recommend using it every day
but if it's a difference between like
enjoy like if you're in a place like
Alaska yeah exactly
we're more - what about Edmonton up
there yeah same thing came back with
like oh that just like hit the pox
they'll fuck you up those mosquitos man
yeah they're so aggressive because
they're only alive it's like three
months you know it's so cold up there
yeah nature could give a fuck about you
I love people are into nature and
they're like listen man they don't even
know what nature is go try to go exactly
go try to raise crops in South Africa
when animals when elephants were
everywhere yeah and lions and leopards
well now yeah even now these poor
villagers that they they're poor and
they build these crops and they they
have this farm and they they have all
this food for their village and then
elephants roam and plenty elephants go
hey man and that's a wrap yeah you can
get the fuck out of here
stomp on me they mean and then people
get mad when people shoot the elephants
it's like okay I get it but I don't know
what you want here like they have a lot
of stories about elephants have this
mystique in South Africa there was this
guy was a farmer and he had a donkey and
it was tied up and the elephants came
into his property and he shot guns and
got him the hell away from there and
then the next day the elephants came
back and stomped his fucking donkey into
mush whoa just stomping the donkey was
on a you know rope and they were like
really gang gang Cain then of course the
other the neighboring farm when the
elephants came she she laid out a bunch
of food for them and the I and and they
spared her her crops there all these
elephants have this mystique which is
all by the way maybe the biggest day
holes in the world
Helen they hate everybody but they were
so nice I was in Thailand I was yeah
there's a Thai elephant sir
the different African elephants you're
not you're not taming an African
elephant good luck mostly elephant you
see what is this jaim okay jaim is
watching like this little Buffalo gets
up oh my god
yeah elephant came over and rolled it
all about you trying to stab him yes oh
he does he's killing so he's killing a
baby that's half that's probably a
full-grown buffalo that's just a giant
elephant
well she's fucking up this Buffalo
they're so dangerous look it up yeah
elephant stabs and kills Buffalo okay
Jesus Christ well that's why they have
tusks yeah I mean that you know it's
really crazy when Lions take a chance
wow that's the other video I didn't pull
those three elephants killing a lion
that elephant just raising shit they
just kill crazy what's crazy is lions
will take a chance on elephants I know
which is just so nuts they will take a
chance to try to kill an elephant
they'll jump on their back they'll try
to jack them well when you go to a game
reserve in South Africa you can't yeah
it has to be big enough to sustain lions
because it's super expensive because
they're just a pride of lions will eat
everything just so you got to keep
replenishing the animals because they
just they're just too effective well you
know after that dent
just shot Cecil the lion it became this
international outrage they banned the
lion hunting and because of that people
didn't want to go back and they weren't
getting the money from it so they wound
up euthanizing like 200 lions I know
because they're undulate population was
getting devastated but what made me
think when I heard that it was like how
many Lions are they killing like how
many people are going over there to hunt
lion its it brings them good money how
many weird is a huge part of South
Africa's you know that like part of the
conservation areas are that you know big
game on you can fuck you can hunt the
big five or what do they call it yes
that's exactly the call but it's but
it's a lot of money it is a lot of money
and it brings them a lot of money and it
brings them a lot of money for
conservation and all that stuff but why
a weird activity is there an activity
that's more human in that like we are so
conflicted and so weird that the only
way we have animals that stay alive in
this part of the world like weather and
record populations it is to set it up so
you can kill them yeah so I like that we
figured out some weird loophole look we
don't want the Rhino to die hey we don't
want the runner die either so let's go
ahead a bunch of them and we can't like
one a week yeah come on yeah and if they
could get enough rhinos where they could
make a case for that they would be doing
that I mean they're doing it with lions
or doing it with everything the gazelles
I mean all the different animals that
you think of plains animals in Africa
their record numbers they're right
nilgai they bring back to Texas they're
all over Texas yeah there's so many
animals there and a lot of those annals
were on the verge of extinction but
they're there because people kill them
like what up fuck it he has my drum it's
weird
well the bigger issues is unbroken
migratory range yeah and the habitat the
Masai Mara is one of the few places
where they can roam for thousands of
miles but most of Africa now is broken
up into I think there's an area in
Cameroon or whatever but most of Africa
is broken up into I mean in South Africa
it's all basically with the exception of
Kruger Park it's all abandoned you know
cattle Lots mm-hm and then they just
there's
money in it so you buy that lot and you
just stock up with animals and then you
drive around they they it's a
sustainable ecosystem but it's yeah you
got it yeah you got it you still you do
have to call they run the you know
elephant population and lion population
when we think about Africa right when we
say Oh elephants are going extinct in
Africa like Africa is so big it's crazy
it's so big you've seen the map worth of
stuff all the countries inside of Africa
never good that was so shocking to me I
know I couldn't believe that so there
could be an abundance of them in one
area and then in another area
it's like saying like they have a black
bear problem in New Jersey what do they
do
okay do that yeah they do but that
doesn't affect us here yeah California
yeah like people just start shooting
black bears you like hey man there's not
that many of those why you shooting them
you know but it's a mountain lion yeah
well you know one just died a famous one
just died where I got a text from a note
out here he ate some rat poison oh shit
yeah it's a real problem with rat poison
man rat poison doesn't just affect rats
yeah you know there's like there's
secondary and my dog almost died that
way yeah and what it does is a rat
poison
I think stops you from producing vitamin
K in your body which is a which is how
you clot blood well so they just bleed
internally so my dog yeah yeah load of
it and they pumped his stomach gave him
charcoal and then he had to take vitamin
K supplements for a long time Wow yeah
yeah the people they poison their rats
then things eat the rats you know yeah
this uh mountain line is a famous
mountain line collared you know
wandering tracking yeah out here a
number yeah rinoa talks to me about it
then I looked into it oh you got it
there which number does it say he 47 P
47 is that the one that they spotted it
thought not no I was only three hey we
were gonna get a photo of that right yes
yeah let's do that
oh yeah we tracked it down yeah what did
what happened it's expensive yeah let's
let's do that all right let me know
after this right yeah which one you
wanted artist proof whatever we got yeah
at that detail yeah because that one
photo they caught of it have you seen
that photo of the
lyon with the hollywood sign behind it
now it's amazing it's one of the best
it's an again it's so fucking human cuz
this line has a collar on it like it's
got bling on stand in front of a
Hollywood sign and it's as big as fuck
it's all that it's like a hundred and
fifty I'm out oh that's amazing that
photo that looks staged you looked
staged by the way look at the look at
the muscles look at its forearms yeah
that's a ridiculous animal that's one
thing that people don't I don't think
you've realized like that's not a svelte
thing like a house that's a lion sir
they have enormous forearm that's a lion
coming out that weighs bring down an elk
I bet that's 130 pounds yeah maybe 150
think about how big that is
that doesn't seem big but you see a
Rottweiler a police dog like that's a
German Shepherd 90 pounds yeah good luck
good luck that's an ad add another 60
pounds 40 pounds of that's a big animal
man yeah it's such a big animal and they
just wandering around our neighborhoods
effective killers I'm having a guy come
on who's a mountain lion biologist at a
Topanga Canyon oh really
yeah and I might actually go and trap
one with them how many how many do they
think there are oh there's there's quite
a few this one went 150 Wow damn the one
that died Wow 150 that is a big Jesus
like three years old Jesus Christ three
years old just living on deer yeah go
look around for deer in California good
luck
yeah don't no deer out here there's so
few deer if you're a deer hunter in
California your sad face all year round
you're not looking forward to yeah I see
a lot of deer in Topanga yeah you see
how few they're drawn to me oh I feed
them are you um
it's my alpha energy they feel safe with
me but is the do you have a connection
with them do you think uh to be honest
with you I run with them have you always
been like this they flanked me they
would never go past me they flanked me
and when I do my gongfu in an open field
they surround me and they bow until I
release them and I go ha run this is my
favorites are people that think that
they have some sort of special couch
like a dog my friend's girlfriend we're
all sitting around my friend's
girlfriend so hot so hot
is one of those girls like were sitting
there and she goes and I was I was
meditating and I saw a deer and it
looked at me and the deer gave me love
and we're all like I'm just looking at
her tits yeah I was a young amazing
she's so hot so she's such an estrogen
you know and my buddy
of course you know you had those horns
and can't let it go just let it go
dearly let her have her thing my buddy
goes why gave you love explain that shit
to me explain why I got a biological
well you know what you're close-minded
and you're on a to it if I'm really
intuitive and it became that into it
it's my favorite thing
yeah I love that shit but those people
that claim they have some special
connection with animals like animals
just recognize yeah I am they know my
name you know kind of schooled me Megan
Fox I was doing a movie with her and and
I assumed she started talking about
signs and I was making fun of like
psychics and signs and Megan goes well
maybe you ever think that maybe your
little close-minded and I go no not
scientific minded and no I'm not and I
think all psychics are liars and I think
astrology is bullshit but then like
Megan literally went into her knowledge
of science and geology and everything
else and I was like oh you're a fucking
oh oh wait you're a really hot
intellectual and you know a shitload and
I made a judgment on you it was very it
was actually embarrassing isn't that
interesting that you would automatically
make a judgment on someone who's hot
like oh your lives been easy as fuck
right and she's not like that like a
judgment that you would make on the son
of a rich man like if someone correct
grew up and is in the family business
and his father was a very successful man
but he's taking over the family business
he would assume this guy's a bitch yep
right yep most of the time most of the
time you're wrong so often yes it's such
a bad yet yeah cuz like if a great if a
great man has a son yeah most like he's
gonna teach that son school shit and the
sons gonna have to like live up to a
certain standard right well that was the
thing with Megan I would notice after I
had that interaction with her I've known
her a little bit cuz I know her husband
really well
and then uh and then I noticed that
every time we wouldn't be shooting she'd
be reading a book of substance like
that's what she does when she's not on
set so I was like well what are you
doing you're laying an iphone next to
your head what am i doing their iPhone
next to the other side of your head and
you have these weird conversation see
that I do that's my favorite thing you
do I gotta start doing that again do it
those are so funny but I do that or I
talk to the stuntmen and ask them like
how much they can bench well no way
you're a Navy SEAL so when you shoot the
problem with that is it invariably ends
up someone pulling out mats and then you
start you start rolling I had Paulie
Malignaggi he was at my gym and then he
kind of knew he goes wait a minute I
just figured out who the fuck you are
you think I'm lying oh he's freaking out
so so I take that opportunity to ask him
like I'm just asking him like put some
boxing questions next thing I know he's
giving me a boxing lesson how fucking
cool is that that is cool yes it was
three days he really gonna do that
bare-knuckle boxer is Artem furious yeah
and he's taking it personally yeah but
man you don't want to break your hands
you don't want to get your face cut up
has he done fighting like boxing but he
looked like he was in shape he was like
and he was givin people
pointers he's very he looks he seems I
listen to him a lot on you know Showtime
something he's cerebral as hell I mean
he knows the game he's very smart guy he
doesn't get hit a lot
no ya know and you think about a boxer
that can talk as well as he can as
articulate as he is and ya understand I
mean if you watch the way he fights like
watch his fights with Adrien Broner
like he he knew how to figure out the
puzzle
yeah that's burners hand speed and power
punching and he punches in volume he's
always in great he's showing me patterns
like just basic things that I was like
damn I really want to see the actual
sparring match between him and Conor
because all the UFC released is Conor
tracking him I know it's a long one it
had to be there had to be some fun
moments in that yeah
well also I think apparently Pauly got
off a plane and then he hadn't wasn't
even really in he wasn't even working
out that much then they I was gonna
train with them yeah they go we're going
six rounds or something they just
filming what they can film it yeah
that's something they use it as a promo
right I think people are you breathless
bro the idea that if they weren't gonna
use that is more ridiculous come on who
are you you don't understand how this
business works they're promoting F
they're promoting of he's a Brooklyn kid
he's a smart guy listen they're
promoting a fight that is going to
generate hundreds of millions of dollars
in revenue you think that they're gonna
spare your sensibilities they're gonna
spare your feelings and not show edited
versions of you getting popped but my
problem is so that I have a problem with
that all across the board
because because I feel like when common
decency Fairplay you know on contract
and sort of a contract you and you enter
I'm coming out to help you out yes and
what you're gonna do is use me go fuck
yourself
like it's not believing it I understand
I understand it's a business believe
they paid him I'm sure they did I
believe he signed paperwork over well
I'm sure they did but that's a sneaky
move it's fuck yes and I and I I have a
problem with fuck yes in general I I
just don't like justifying anything
because it's going to be good promotion
I'm always uneasy you know how people
say hey man bad press but you're talking
about him yeah but fuck off I completely
agree with you however put the play
devil's advocate yeah if I'm mr.
businessman mr. moneybags
yeah actually just went in one ear and
out the other I don't know what you're
talking about that's a video of some
shit that actually happened you hate the
truth the view if you hate the truth I
can understand why you would want to
show in that video right Connor did drop
him and it's gonna be a great fight
Conor McGregor vs. Floyd Mayweather and
ironically might have been good for
Paulie in terms of it creating this
fight with arts you're talking about him
yeah although I think I think Paulie
Malignaggi stands on his own yes sir
yeah I mean he's he's got a real name
and he's an excellent boxer it seems
probably the better commentators in the
game if not the best oh yeah very very
good 100% him and Andre Ward Andre Ward
far my favorite and brought John jr. for
our Jones jr. is outstanding at it too
yes Andre Ward just like brilliant
brilliant brilliant guy
I just watching him like figure out Cova
left to right especially in the second
fight believe yeah
in fact that you know he dropped Kovalev
with a body shot and you know Coppola
said they didn't give him a chance and
that they just stopped the fight yeah it
didn't look like he wanted to keep going
I felt like that way with Aamir Khan
like mm-hmm if people were like listen
yeah
c'mere Khan has nothing to prove he has
an amazing record he's fighting a genius
in Crawford and probably and there's no
shame in this he was supposed to fight
Kell Brooks and he kind of went you know
what this guy is he's time is on his
side and he's gonna he's kind of figured
this out he's bigger and he's gonna
connect he's gonna hit me and maybe hurt
me here I don't feel like doing this
anymore
if that was the case I forgive him for
everything it's like I thought it was a
smart decision to find and maybe he was
really hurt he's Miller the cattle and
I'm not saying he's not but the Kell
Brook fight would have actually got
americon more money it was uh he want to
test himself and he decided to take the
fight against Crawford it's a real
fighter
if Crawford's not the best
pound-for-pound fighter on earth he's
number two he's one or two I want to see
how those girls pants well him Earl
Spence is fantastic too but I think the
the argument of pound for pound is
lomachenko and him that's the argument
you guys are number one yeah who do you
think is number one I mean I think
that's you talking about Crawford
Crawford I don't know I don't think
Crawford's fought enough competition
like when he fights Earl Spence and the
III think that Loman chenko has probably
had more fights and you can really get
into this conversation because he hasn't
hears less everybody that he said he's
won the world title with like four
fights oh yeah or was it how many fights
it was like something ridiculous like
that I mean he fought a world-class
fighter his first time out though when I
saw him fight Jorge was a amazing
Mexican fighter or somewhere like that
who is the guy lost record here 13 and
one in Crawford's 35 and oh yeah Wow big
difference but boxing is tricky that way
right so what's what's the level of
competition as they bring you up slow
well the difference is lomachenko had an
extensive amateur yeah internationally
but so did Crawford Crawford had a great
amateur background to look
Crawford the the difference is
Crawford's way bigger that's the
difference if they were the same size it
would be really interesting to see what
would happen
but Crawford's a lot bigger than him he
would yeah I mean it's not a good fine
now it's just to watch him take riggan
now and all these amazing fighters were
gone do
Oregon deal I thought I was written down
I don't think so I think he knows I
think the way he pronounce it in French
is rekindle Regan doe if he can gun Dale
but yeah he he just Manos people his
footwork is unparalleled but Terence
Crawford meant first of all he's
probably the best switch hitter ever
next to Marvin Hagler he might be better
yeah I mean it's hard to say he can find
a game plan for that is so good Orthodox
then so good southpaw but to watch
Linares that's a jorge lanata thing is a
sikh fighter and to watch him he knocked
low manchego down mm-hmm but then again
like this guy figures you out he just he
goes I know what you're doing now yeah
and then you're done well so does
Crawford yeah I mean the best I mean
that was Anderson Silva in his prime to
he would just figure out your timing
yeah figure out what you do how you
enter where the gaps are where the holes
are okay I see how key to the castle
let's rock right and then somewhere
around the end of the first round
Anderson would start switching stances
on you and fucking doing some Bruce Lee
moves and the next thing you know he's
got his foot in your face yeah that's
nice figures you out it's exactly right
these guys are just the really elite of
the elite fighters they're just the best
at solving the little riddle that is
what your skills are now how do you
solve that riddle that is cubby they're
gonna that's a different riddle yeah cuz
that motherfuckers not on the outside
boxing you and he called her Connor for
a while Connor for a while you know he's
gonna take you down but what it looked
like Connor for a while was isolating he
had two hands on that wrist he was
stopping him for a long time from
closing his his hands and and that
seemed kind of effective for a while I
mean good luck it's a long road that's
like saying um you're running a marathon
hey you know he beat me in the marathon
but for the first hundred that's what
it's like it doesn't matter because it
doesn't matter doesn't matter is a
five-round fight like okay keeping me
from grab my hands for now
your hands tired yeah yeah how you farm
no I'm gonna take I'm taking you down
he's just gonna take you down that guy's
so relentless and the skill level and
the endurance level he has to pursue
that pace yeah for five rounds like I
don't think I even appreciate it I mean
I can only intellectualize it and I
could describe it but I think when
you're in there with him like when when
he fought Edson Barboza and he had Edson
Barboza up against Cade come on buddy
it's mine give up Edson has this no that
was against Michael Johnson is this
thousand-yard stare
where he's getting mauled it's just like
he's like breathing he's like oh fuck
like this is this is a different kind of
human being those Russians are that's a
different kind of human being August
Annie's so tiny they grow up fighting
from me cept I'm he's a baby
yes culture they were there suffered a
great deal that's look he's like Jesus
Christ what the fuck did I sign up for
skin mauled and I love I love Coby
looks like his legs body looks like you
know guys see at the pool kind of works
out maybe a little it just doesn't it
looks pretty fit I don't know that guy
looks fit Barboza's really muscular he
was jacked man really he's just Jason
show up photo of could be like making
like a most muscular pose or something
he's fucking pretty jack he's just not
though he's just a freak no not compared
to a lot of dudes yeah go down there
look at that you know cuz he's not you
know he looks like a really strong
grappler he's full you know he is but
really like look at him like shut your
mouth yeah that's pretty good there shut
your your dirty lies he's pretty what
about that one right there how about
that one cut the shit when you with your
on sinner TRT yeah but when you were
young it's basically the same if I was
in there I would you would call it
steroids you were always like that yeah
I was always like that yeah when I first
met you
yeah I didn't even take vitamins now you
were just jacked I remember first time
at TV you were jacked out of your mind
yeah I knew it was just cuz you lifted
weights well that was when I was just
getting into jujitsu so I really started
lifting weights
because I was tired of getting mauled
yeah so I really got into lifting well
okay I am weak I'm like yeah cuz I'm
used to striking striking is so
different than different in terms of the
demands and your muscles and your
fatigue yeah it's so but and it was
works the other way too because I
remember I had done any striking at all
in like a year I had done none zero just
to Jitsu and then my friend Jamie and I
start doing them Jamie is a trainer and
we were doing this training session and
he had me hit mitts to and like just hit
and mitts for like a couple minutes I
was gassed out as like as possible I
roll all the time I'm in good shape
right now sparring is that way when you
get guys who are triathlon leads or
whatever they come in and Wayne
McCulloch shoutout to the great Wayne
McCulloch my trainer I love I love that
guy he's the best I fuckin that's one of
my favorite people in the world like
whenever I see him all is right in the
world he's just a humble ya silver
medalist in the Olympics world champion
and nobody asked some questions in the
gym it's like he that you have this gold
mind this guy here who's who beat
Morales who fought Prince Naseem to the
distance and nobody knows it and he
never tells anybody and I'll see these
guys hidden and I'm like wait why don't
you tell them and he goes they don't ask
me I don't bother them he's just the
most humble doing the world like it
drives me fucking nuts but lost but
anyway yeah it will get like triathletes
people are in really good shape but if
you if you're sparring and you're afraid
to get hit you stop breathing and so in
three minutes in two minutes I don't
care how good a shape you're in
the minute you get punched once you're
like yeah it took me literally it
probably took me three years to get over
that in a way because I have no
confidence as a boxer and I shouldn't
boy he's getting punched in the head
what is going on with you I'm not
getting punched hard how hard I mean
sometimes there's a my buddy Chris from
Boston is a giant and he'll by accident
sometimes you need to get connected and
stuff but now you know you learned how
to kind of keep your hand but you're
getting older you worried about that I'm
insecure bro but are you worried about
your brain I sure am rattled I was a
little cloudy I stopped for a little
really yeah so you're getting cloudy
from getting hit I don't know I said to
Brendan I said you know he has no time
for this shit he gets so mad at me
he just goes you're older what are you
doing oh you're getting look like yeah
that's right that's what happens so keep
that shit up man he storms off yeah well
he he came to the realization you know
he ducked
he ducked yeah he was oh I don't know he
was fuckin Shane Carwin Oh Marc Gordon
all those guys and and throwing up after
after his training sessions and he
played football forever yeah I'll be all
right yeah well he quit though at the
right time yes really did yes he did I
mean he's fine yes he he made it out at
the right yeah I'm so invested in him
like he's my my brother so whenever he
talks about Sarah T I'm I'm like CT I'm
like now you're okay don't worry about
it because your doctor I go you're fine
I promise it's not gonna happen I don't
like to think about it well I mean he's
he's honest if he wasn't doing good he'd
tell ya you know if he wasn't feeling
good that's very true I think everybody
needs someone who they trust implicitly
that they that can pull the cord on them
and to tell them hey man yeah you got to
stop getting hit yes and for a young
fighters man it is such a hard decision
to make
I've talked to several guys who tell
their fighter several trainers and have
to tell their fighters to retire and
it's never easy
it's never easy and subscriber identity
the fighter will leave and go with a
different trainer and be successful and
and the the you know and this one case
the trainer was like I wish him well I
mean I'm sure he can still beat guys
that's not the problem the problem is
he's showing some obvious signs of
deterioration mentally neurologically
the way he moves yeah the way talks and
a good person who cares about you is
going to go okay we had it a lot of fun
it was a great run you're fine right now
like you can talk and we can treat
whatever problems come up
apparently CBD is fantastic for that
I've heard for a lot of people with
brain issues and a lot of you know
inflammation issues because of trauma
there's a lot of stuff they don't know a
magnetic stuff that he had Zingano did
doing down San Diego in soldiers or they
put that electron guys doing that right
now steel guy you know but I I am I
don't think I've ever met a fighter
who is retired who doesn't still feel
like they could fight for the belt oh
yeah they all won even even Chuck
Liddell when he did fighter and kid was
like I'd like to throw my hat in there I
guess John Jones I'm pretty good
wrestling like he was already 48 yeah
you never lose that part of what makes
you a great fighter and a killer is that
that's sort of yeah love of the game if
you ask Paulie Malignaggi right now I
guarantee I guarantee if you're like
could you fight for a title right now
because I put my hat in there fighters
are like that of course that's why
they're I mean that's why they become
successful in the first place if you
think about how you are when you first
start out even if you're like real
athletic you're fucking terrible you
know you're hitting the bag your feet
are off even if you hit it hard like
you're doing something wrong you're
clumsy you're wide open afterwards
there's something that someone who's
really good will expose and then
eventually you learn skills and as you
learn skills you see those holes you
tighten all those holes up and then you
become far better than you are but the
only reason why you're you can do that
is because you think you're a bad
motherfucker from the jump
right but you hit that bag hard you look
yeah I'm gonna fuck everybody up and you
just start believing that yeah and then
as you get skills like Jesus I'm glad I
didn't get into a real fight with a real
fighter early on because that is one of
the most insidious things that trainers
do they'll throw their fighter to the
wolves like they'll set their fighter up
with some young up-and-coming phenom
who's just smashing people and it's hard
to get them fights and they'll get this
guy to fight them you know because
there's a few guys that'll just fight
anybody oh my god they've only been
doing it for like a year yeah you're
gonna take that fight against these guys
60 nano Diaz brothers when they went
into the into Andre Ward's camp in
Oakland I'm they they were banging yeah
and I'm sure from day one yeah cuz I was
talking to Nate Diaz I was like but you
guys go light he goes no we bang bang
yeah I talked to Joe shelling about that
the first time you ever met Nick and
he's like he's talking to Nick's friend
like Nick's like okay you got a cup got
your Mountain and Joe said the next
friend goes we fighting he goes yeah all
right we're just fight she just knew
like this is gonna be fighting this is
not is like are we sparring are we
fighting yeah and then why not fighting
you ain't really I think as you get
better and better at it it probably
becomes addictive and it's just a sure
cuz every time I go in there and I go
I'm not
Sparra but then there's somebody and
then you say we'll just move around yeah
but then well the UH salt they're also
testing each other too right yeah like
Nick is world-class fighter Joe
Schelling's a world chance a whole boxer
strikings evil Joe showing his evil
story yeah he fucks people just to be
standing next to him too he's also just
big big long and athletic he's just like
oh god it's doing very well in MMA now
is he really nasty fucking
ground-and-pound his last fight man
really when you got a guy that that good
at slashing people with elbows and
punching people and you get him on top
of you yeah good there ground-and-pound
is on another level you know because
they can generate serious power and
short distances like a lot of grapplers
have a hard time with like do you member
when cro cop got on top of gonzaga and
and opened his face up with an elbow
moves horrific but it was inside the
guard yeah but you're a real good
striker a short amount of distance you
Brendan said that's the strongest guy
he's ever
prokop yeah it's strong motherfucker
math powers
those ridiculous legs yep those those
legs that belong on a fucking and a font
and it Funday
you know also going back to this
asteroid impact oh sorry there's a layer
somewhere around 66 million years ago
that indicates that the earth got hit by
an asteroid that's what I mean did I say
that yeah I think it's the layer is high
in eridium I think an iridium has it's
very rare on earth but very common in
space and there's a bunch of other
indications that that's the time that it
hit but what they're saying the radio
lab one is that the current state of
understanding is that the dinosaurs and
basically most things died within the
first couple hours like all the
dinosaurs they were all apparently there
their bones and their fossils are in
that iridium layer a lot of times right
I don't know maybe yeah they found a lot
of they find him before - right they
don't just don't find any after it's
crazy think yeah they think that their
blood boiled in their body they think it
got so hot that during the few hours it
got to like 700 a thousand degrees 1200
degrees I just got insanely hot dude
trying to get better at stand up and
stand Shey
now I gotta worry about fucking that's a
full-time job raise my kids that's what
we really should be thinking about not
just how bad we're fucking the earth up
but how bad something could fuck the
earth up from the sky
yeah that's what we really should be
paying attention to and Senate paying
attention to so many nonsensical things
that people concentrate on there's a
real chance that we could get hit in our
lifetime with something that ends
civilization like that
yeah 100% can happen yep yeah I had
Graham Hancock on last week and we were
going over his new book this book isn't
it right here Jimmy it's right there
it's fucking it's excellent and Graham
was talking about it's called America
before it's the evidence of
civilizations in in the Americas in
North America's particularly in the
Amazon that they think that there was
millions of people living in the Amazon
but when the European explorers came
over here the game smallpox and wiped
out everyone yeah then they came back
hundred years later and there was
nothing yeah like the the entire
civilization made it amazing I think I
feel like in 1492 where there was a I
think when the Spanish came up through
the Mississippi Delta the same thing
yeah same thing yeah they wiped out 90
but they a lot of people think that the
genocide of the Native Americans was
just European soldiers and people and
settlers killing Native Americans which
did have yeah but if the ones that 90
percent of them were killed by disease
ninety percent like the entire
population well they even had they even
had certain government policies where
they're like you missionaries are going
out there and trying to convert them to
Christianity you're giving them your
diseases they knew that back then they
knew that they were like you'reyou're
there getting sick and they're dying of
you know that they were all of a sudden
they were like we're getting these colds
and people are dying they didn't have
any resistance to that crazy if those
dirty Europeans with their shit water
shoots outside their house and all that
fucking vermin running around that was
War of the Worlds remember one of the
world's the movies how'd they die they
weren't ready for pathogens that's my
whole philosophy on we all try to be
tough one of the things about all of us
as men or anybody is we hate to be
vulnerable so you know I trained and I I
stay in shape I eat well
yeah forever I don't think there's
anything such thing is I don't think
this you can be really ready for a
situation you know in a bar I guess and
then you get bit by a tick or you get a
flesh-eating disease
yeah and you die sure so I don't know
shows any way to give mercy to yourself
well I mean you can't protect yourself
but you are ultimately very vulnerable
but then what this radio lab was
freaking me out about was that there's
so many of those things floating around
the sky I mean it's what Graham talked
about in not just this book but in
previous books that they think that
something slammed into the earth
somewhere in the past that ended the Ice
Age probably wiped out a giant chunk of
the large megafauna on North America it
led to the almost instantaneous
extinction of so many different animals
and so it goes yeah and so it goes and
it can happen again
there could be a supervolcano there's
all kinds of stuff like that all these
fucking things it makes you a lot of an
asteroid was going to hit Denver NASA
was practicing that this week they've
done this before they've had like a
practice run using a bunch of the
different here's the practice run get in
the boat go to Australia exactly I have
to go pee oh my god you gotta go to us
talk about me being I'm talking about
you Miami
yeah May 9th 10th 11th at the MLB there
yeah and then Orlando talk about
complicated okay promote me okay Bryan
Collins gonna be in Miami at the improv
and in Orlando if you go to Bryan count
com it'll have all that stuff I just ran
across this to on the screen on Twitter
what happened in that Koontz head my god
I have an affair with a woman and her
husband came home early tried to escape
through the window but ended up falling
on a metal beam Oh
oh my god it went through his head
how'd they get the beam off their ii saw
the brahma probably a holy shit though
and i just saw the picture there what
the fuck is that holy shit
oh my god he's alive yeah and then it
says pictures and it's happening in the
past to jesus christ i got on one eye
because of it oh my god i went through
his head yeah it's weird what would
people how people
survived from injuries lobotomy yeah
like yeah when they stopped doing those
I mean we haven't really talked about
too much but I remember looking it up it
just would dig a hole right through your
eye and scramble your brain the metal
piece of metal and they did that because
you were just too annoying I don't know
why I think people were crazy they would
just do it they were doing them up until
like 19 in the 1900s I know I don't know
if it stopped like the 50s or 40s the
exact time but what do you think they're
doing now
besides circumcision that people are
gonna look back on like that and go what
the fuck were they thinking what do you
think they're doing now I don't know
it's just we keep learning different
strategies to fix stuff yeah that's true
but this the but the lobotomy is not
even a strategy to fix stuff it's like
chaos and worse though in some cases it
my stuff how did you have but maybe it
stopped them from being super violent or
something controlling people would
probably be boys I mean I don't know why
do they give someone a lobotomy look
what is the what's the chief reason
forgive it someone a lobotomy what would
you guess psychosis crazy stuff yeah
that they didn't have an answer probably
for pharmaceuticals back then so they
just said fucking scramble the brain
somehow it's fucked up to me that it's
thought your brain would still work it's
a neurological treatment of a mental
disorder that involves severing the
connections between the brains
prefrontal cortex you made it too big
most of connections to and from the
prefrontal cortex and the anterior part
of the frontal lobes of the brain are
severed what did they do that for Brian
because when you had a personality that
was when you were crazy they would take
out the part of your brain I guess that
was reactive and that gave you
essentially a personality so when you
were lobotomized you were really kind of
a normal person have you ever seen the
movie Francis they gave her lobotomy
lobotomized a little carrots a lot they
did it to a little kid yeah horrifying
little kid scramble your brain tarah
home
remember if I remember right there is
one guy he was doing up to like 70 a day
or something like that
that's three an hour yeah I think
lobotomy would help you
you know I'm reading a that this guy
David Epstein oh but there were people
who you know they had electric shock
therapy and they were they were crazy
and they would try all these things I
had atomic schizophrenia she says she
has yeah look at her smiling sixteen
months later they would try these things
so before and after at 16 so it worked
the lobotomy works she just smiling
everywhere yeah but she would smile she
saw a baby get run over by a car she'd
smile she saw girls catch on fire yeah
Jesus
I made nice look on the brain sort of
like that guy David Epstein he wrote he
wrote the sports gene we're on the
fastest people in the world tiny part of
Africa the people that run the farthest
which is the highlands of Kenya really
fascinating book
he's a Sports Illustrated writer and
then he there's a new book coming out
called range and it's about how when you
teach a kid or when you when you learn a
lot of different disciplines so if
you're some of the best violinists some
of the best athletes whatever they
didn't specialize it's very it's it's
it's probably a bad idea to specialize
from a very early age
the exception is like Tiger Woods he
compares Tiger Woods and Roger Federer
Tiger Woods was raised to be a golfer
from the age of two
his dad was already having him he was
watching having him watch how he swings
and everything and Roger Federer
greatest tennis player ever was playing
in the music playing soccer at plan
anything with a ball and didn't really
get into tennis didn't really find his
love of tennis until he was in his teens
and a lot of musicians great musicians
who are innovative so whether it's Duke
Ellington or whatever those do great
ones who make original music a lot of
them are self-taught and a lot of them
played a lot of instruments until they
started to focus on that one instrument
that spoke to them and he uses all these
different examples of how how Jen
realizing and doing a lot of different
things in forms essentially informs your
ability to become really good at one
thing when you finally decide to do that
that's a really kind of cool because a
lot of parents are specializing a lot of
parents like you can play baseball
that's we're gonna play camp and
everything else we're just gonna
practice that bad idea bad idea
according to this with the exception of
very few skills like golf but everything
else is you want to really expose your
kid to a wide variety of things because
for whatever it does with those that you
know all the neurons and stuff you you
are you're able to get better at
something when you're practicing another
thing well that makes sense to me it
also makes sense to me that you'd want
to get your kid exposed to a lot of
things to find out what they actually
enjoy cuz sometimes you enjoy something
and go all but I don't enjoy it as much
as this finds a new thing like that's
even better
I'm sure you went through things like
that but a lot of parents like a lot of
I was talking about Tiger moms they'll
say you have a choice but you're playing
the violin and your planet piano and
you're not playing any other instrument
yeah well the problem is it doesn't it
stifles innovation and you become really
pedantic and good at following
instructions but you're not gonna be
very innovative you'll be really
technically good but you also tends to
the naughty and you want a sack of shit
like yo-yo ma he would try he tried a
bunch of different instruments until he
finally said I'm gonna play this yeah
you want to be naughty you want to fight
it yeah you want to fight mommy you know
and you probably have some weird mommy
porn
bookmarks uh-huh uh-huh there's amazing
amounts of stepmom porn really it's all
stepmoms well porn hike mom your
father's gonna be so mad at you
long-long well mom mom or a derivative
of mom is I think the second most typed
in word in a pornhub what sister
you look young born to hit something the
saw something to do with young but but
mom is nothing cranny porn is huge in
Kenya and the UK do you know why they
think because you're raised by an older
lady or an older man your headmaster
they're in a position of authority and
as your excellent to well as you're
coming to and you're formulating your
point of view in the world and making
sense the world you tend to
sexualize whatever's in front of you I
guess that makes sense you wouldn't
print so-so gilfs and you know that's
kind of hot yeah grandmas I'd like to
fuck what kind of world we live in my
friend's wife he catches her watching
grandma porn for a gray old men banging
gals she's into that she's into old dude
she's an old guys like like real old
like your body looks like warm cheese
well I understand well how would they
like that I don't
it's who the fuck knows that is a weird
thing though that you hear that some
women like look really old guys you
don't hear that from women from men
rather yeah what is it saying the
world's news photos of old and yeah I
bet she was hot as fuck back in the 80s
100% yeah what are you gonna do listen
man old hos
they're just hoes that got old look at
that one I had a friend from a guy who
was super macho my friend you didn't
show that on the screen
did you Missy you son of a bitch who was
that some no don't don't
poor lady it's grandma with the
ridiculous fake boobs my friend my
friend he was he was from Ottawa super
macho and he was like he I didn't have a
lot of money and he had like he was kind
of a gigolo he was having sex with this
woman is she's old she's very old I said
I go what she look like when she's
negative it's a disaster like I say I
can't look to her why'd she go to the
bathroom I have to look you know go over
here because yes it has to be no light
because it's a disaster
why did you buy he goes he goes by you
know why she looks at me know why she's
young she sees me I come like this you
know young the ice are ice did make me
hard and I forget I was like well some
people into people being really into
that yes he just wants to be admired
I've known some women like that who were
into dating trolls
I mean because they've never had a woman
like that and they're like don't fuck
and they're just my sister had a friend
like that her friend was only into guys
that she knew she could do better
oh it's fantastic she wanted that she
wanted them to worship
well there's a there's a apparently
there's a psychology where a lot of men
will over feed their wives and get them
super fat so that they don't step out on
them there's a lot of there are
subconscious behaviors that go on time
why are people so goddamn crazy
I don't know trauma you know that Carl
Jung is it the Carl Jung fucking the
line that says that which we don't work
out in our subconscious we will act out
as fate in our lives how about that
because you will relive patterns you'll
relive trauma you will relive these
patterns and you'll do it on your own
terms and you'll wonder why you keep far
why do you keep dating the same person
why do you keep falling into the same
problem why after two years does this go
bad what what is that well there's a way
to actually creatively at least sit with
that and observance and be aware of it
that's what therapy does yes you made
the unconscious conscious that will
direct your life and you will call it
fate what a great quote Wow until you
make the unconscious conscious yeah I
mean there's a lot of fucking strings
going on it will direct your life and
you will call it fate knowing your own
darkness is the best method for dealing
with the darkness of other people yeah
well that's you that's what I like
Nietzsche Nietzsche's niches idea was
like look man you can have these false
models of life which is a lot of times
life is a bitch right and you're not
gonna you're not gonna be able to
computer you don't want it so what
you'll do is you'll go it's okay meek
will inherit the earth
that's alright now you have money but is
he happy is he happy you know there's a
lot but we make all of us do this we
make excuses to not live our best life
and he was like nah live dangerously and
try to be the best you can be just work
your ass off and if you have to die if
you have to take risks and die leave a
good-looking corpse is the idea of turn
your life into a fucking circus do you
think the meek will inherit inherit the
earth you think if that was a prophecy
that they would be talking about
technologists they would be talking
about like the people that run Twitter
and Google and Facebook and in the
internet tech people which is if you
think about like the amount of money
that Facebook has the amount of money
that you too
so like these these enormous ly
influential tech companies even Amazon
right yeah like who who are they who are
they these are nerds they're nerds very
aggressive nerds and they're very
thoughtful they're very competitive the
nerds so I don't consider them the meek
I think I think who's the meek so I
think the meek the philosophy behind
that and and I and I and I think the
United States also works on this premise
in a sense is the American dream so what
keeps the masses from rising up and
taking the money from people who have
nots from taking money from the haves
and especially when the haves you know
are rather slim in number in comparison
to the large portion of the population
that's a nice five hundred dollars in
the bank
well what's great about the United
States what's always worked about the
United States the means we don't have
these the French Revolution in this
country is because the American Dream is
about potential there is a potential I
may not have money now but I may and I
will because I know I will because I'm
an optimist I will be in the 1-percent
eventually I got an idea bro I'm telling
it's a great idea and people need that
hope will you take that hope away you
take the ability you take the idea that
there's no way I can ever esteem out of
my condition you better be careful
that's what that's that's Oh potential
the potential to be better the potential
to be wealthier that think about how all
of us a lot of us as we're as we get
older anything that's what the meek will
inherit the earth man I think it's in
that era that people that aren't
creating war was probably the people
that were left over I think it's a wacky
telling apiece no I think it's it I
think it's a way of getting people to at
least live with the fact that I'm a serf
I'm a peasant I have no way to esteem
out of my condition but at least I have
the afterlife at least I know that if I
live and I suffer well and I suffer
quietly and I suffer with dignity there
will be a reward after this what is the
conventional definition or the
conventional meaning to that statement
the meek will inherit the earth like
what our how to scholars interpret that
well religious right right but I mean
how do they how do they interpret that
like what is I think it's in the same
vein is it's harder for a camel to pass
through the and I have a needle than a
rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven
right so so that you know that the
famous story where when that's a Christ
said you want to follow me to the rich
guy he said give up all your money and
the rich guy turned the hung his head
and walked away and he said poor guy
it's so hard for the for the rich to get
to give up their life of privilege is
very difficult do you think Jesus was a
real person historically I think there
was probably a rabbi named Jesus of
Nazareth that that's what that's what
that seems to be the conclusion among a
lot of historians and he was a radical
rap he was a radical man because he
simplified Judaism it's really what he
was he was simplifying Judaism to say
look you know you could follow the Book
of Leviticus and all the rituals it
takes to become a good Jew which is
there's a certain way to quarter a calf
and there's a certain way certain things
you can't eat and you have to bathe and
you have to all these rituals and he
said way too complicated we're never
gonna spread the word this way
he said just make it simple do it rabbi
Hillel said in the Old Testament do unto
others as you'd have them do unto you
and hold only one God as your God you
know the father so that we're all of
what the idea of a mom of a monolithic
God is that there's a there's one father
we're all brothers and sisters that way
we're all the same moral worth that way
I can't judge you that way I don't know
what you're worth only God does I don't
know I don't know where you have I don't
know what your value is you're a human
being I can't quantify that I think I
think that's a beautiful thing I think
we all benefit from that religious and
that judeo-christian idea whether we
know it or not and if you want to
replace that my only issue with atheists
is if you want to try to replace that
irrational idea that irrational idea
that we're all the same moral worth
because you can't prove it but if you're
mathematically or biologically but what
are you gonna replace that with
rationality you want to try it you want
it you want to run a society on
rationality you can't do that well if
that's the most dangerous idea works
best it's still the most dangerous idea
in the world because ethics have to be
predicated there's got to be bedrock the
more you can work
idea in the world well cuz let me give
you an example it's very rational
mathematically to suggest that anybody
who is mentally handicapped is draining
resources from our gifted children and
I'm telling you now in a lot of
societies around history what if we live
in abundance it's around here people to
take care of the people that are handy
because abundance doesn't always last
and you can't predict abundance it's
here right now not really not for a lot
of people right here be it'd be very
easy to justify if you were just prayed
to the god of rationality it'd be very
easy to justify it and people have done
this in history which is where I worry
about sure hey let's get rid of all the
people that are draining our resources
because they're not they're hopeless
anyway people on breathing machines
people who are severely retarded
whatever there are severely handicapped
they're draining resource I know you
love them but listen we need this money
for over here you're in a hospital
you're taking money the very old the
very inform so you think we need
religion to keep you from taking people
off life support well I I will say that
I think religion and specifically the
genero Christian ethic and I include
Islam in that and by the way I mean
Buddhism is all talks about the
sacredness of a sentient being these
these religions are there because and I
think we benefit from it I think that
all of us do too I mean where does our
justice system is predicated it's
predicated on the idea that all men are
created equal do we benefit from it but
there's also real problems with it of
course it's real problems with any idea
I'd be careful in what you take away
stan is why you think it can't be
replaced with logic and reason because
logic and reasons has pitfalls but
you're a citizen alone you see assuming
that logic and reason doesn't also have
compassion so like you you wouldn't have
compassion for the people that are
mentally handicapped oh it does it does
it's too fickle what I'm trying to say
is this
there's something very irrational and
and very religious about the idea that
all men are created equal then we hold
these truths to be self-evident that all
men are created equal right yeah and
Yubel Harare talks about this
brilliantly in this book which is that
you cannot prove mathematically or
biologically that that the idea that all
men are created equal does that say
Xian's or the new BSA pians is israel
right so so because we're not again
LeBron James
if you
standing next to me isn't we're not
equal he's my chocolate avatar right so
but we inherently know that our
humaneness our human s you're not equal
physically he's a super athlete but I'm
funny or I had my own gifts that suck
yeah if he went on stage and murdered
but there are views like Eddie Murphy
2.0 there are people that are better but
what about suck though yes if he was
LeBron James and he was funnier than you
well he's not a bad actor I'll tell you
that I shouldn't imagine if he was
really funny like if you couldn't follow
him that's when I give him my girl
imagine that though I would present him
with my girl what six foot what 11 he's
6 9 ok 6 9 6 foot in 265 bill like a god
faster than everybody in stronger than
amazing and murders on stage at the
store and when you eat the mic you have
to go like this to get the mic that's
right bring it down to you cuz you have
to go on after him that's when I say to
him he's got in the mic stand it's
fucking seven feet in the air yeah and I
go mr. mr. James I'd like to be your
travelling concubine I'm probably not I
don't want that I'm not your type no and
you're useless
I'll take corner I'll take common eggs
let me cook for you know he's got people
that shut the fuck up that carry the
back polish your shoes
you're too annoying man what are you
gonna do you'll stare at his dick can I
ask some questions about what a man he
is yeah it's weird
what are you squat leave him alone okay
I'll just be in the cool some write
better jokes
it's just sir I'd like to be a gimp that
would be so embarrassing like if a guy
was that good at basketball but then it
was like a natural at comedy there there
murder in comedy like or like a fighter
like what if Terence Crawford tell her
to be the funniest fucking dude in the
world his marriage
imagine you know and he not just fucks
people up in the ring but then Terence
Crawford starts doing sets The Comedy
Store and murdering and he's got a
Netflix special and he's murdering and
you're like no hope he goes so good at
these things I don't know man
yeah yeah but listen there are people
that are better at everything sometimes
I mean there are well there's definite
look but we eat on musk is a good
example that how many
fucking things can that guy do it once
but at the same time what I'm saying is
that you can't quantify a human being
because you don't know what their
potential isn't you don't know where
they're strong like I was like it's like
if the Bron James murders on stage he's
not better than you it's not robbing me
he's better than you and everything
fucking Bert following you you got to
follow him he's gonna murder and then
the King has left the building ladies
he's gonna drop the mic and walk away
yeah be a problem then you gotta go on
but you can't be that good at two things
right I mean who want me to be wise nice
do you put it like three times my flats
listen to me
what if he puts the kind of effort that
he puts into getting good at basketball
and he couldn't good at stand-up muscle
yeah one muscles lazy one muscle doesn't
really write and work and like for the
amount of hours that we work on our
craft versus the amount of basketball
players to practice different lizards
always murderous isn't this is Blake
Griffin he's been trying to do stand-up
in the off season last couple years more
when he was living in LA he got traded
to Detroit now so it's a little bit
harder for him probably but into doing
good he's good yeah I mean from what
I've heard from I've heard people have
seen it that's hilarious videos of it
there you go motherfucker
yep so you can look at 610 doesn't
matter stand-up doesn't care it's a long
road yeah see in 10 years it can work
though some what if he does it look what
I'm saying is like you take a guy who
has the kind of discipline and work
ethic that an athlete does at the
highest level of the game yeah apply
that stand-up comic I bet they'll get
further than a lot of us it's only 30 ah
only 30 maybe what are you gonna do
Blake Griffin's get out murder in front
of ya it's a weird muscle stand up some
weird muscles Joey Diaz isn't exactly
like Joey Diaz is high by noon but he's
funny as fuck it and he's way before
noon yeah comedy is a weird thing
comedies are very there are some Joey
Diaz Mike in high all the time that
mother father fucker works on an act
Joey works and it's a mindset you're
always writing you're always Musa Joey
Diaz is a pro like people see Joey and
they see that you know he smokes a lot
of weed and he's crazy and theythey just
gets up there just rants and raves no no
if that guy always has new material
always work always working on something
yeah he's I think that's what it takes
to I think that the this kid was younger
and he told me he hadn't written a joke
in two years and I went well
you're talking like a loser you know you
you can't
I think stand-up is relentless
especially if you don't have the follow
if he if that's where he's at he's
probably depressed there's something
probably wrong with well we talked about
that too but that I'm saying that you
know again you know a depression is a
very real thing but I always said it
kind of younger people who've seen like
they're in a rut I do I have a huge
believer in just just take the steps of
getting better at one type of language
start it doesn't matter if it's a guitar
it doesn't matter just just get better
at one little thing just start
practicing it'll motivate you to do
other things I'm not saying depression
clinical depression is a very real thing
I don't know enough about it well the
thing is it's it is real yeah but it's
different with every person yeah it's
like it's one of the rarest of diseases
in that like you really can't put it on
a scale yeah like you use a spectrum you
feel like shit or you don't feel like
shit you're depressed you're not
depressed yeah but what what level
depressed are you are you suicidal or
you just like kind of shitty could you
fix it with like running or do you need
like real chemical intervention and in
do you know do you know the difference
like what what's your community like
what are your friendships like yeah what
is your family like huge questions huge
question and by the way how are you
eating
how are you exercising what is your
community like these are things where
and people who live the longest and
those societies what is its pain I heard
I don't know if I'm right has the
longest per capita lift people right now
and yet huge alcohol and tobacco
consumption but they are connected to
community they're there and they do a
lot of that getting it in yeah
take and see us this long lunching and
yes hanging it out yes the end drinking
red wine whoa yeah
enjoying them and dancing sensing salsa
dancing
how about thankful to was this Spain to
lead Japan and global life expectancy go
us continues to slide yeah cuz we're
eating shitty food and we're getting fat
we're also isolated yeah well you know
there's a price you pay for as a
capitalist as a capitalist as somebody
believes in the free market
there's a price you pay for the praying
to the god of consumption and progress
there is that and it's it as we as we
are we're ruthlessly competitive
Americans rural Americans are fucking
ruthlessly competitive and insanely
aggressive football is a game of war
it's simulated war your your your it's a
you're capturing territory and
everything else it we are so aggressive
that way and look it makes us a great
country we also pay a price for it no
question about it
like I get I do get sort of the notion
that we need there is this idea that
we're the left a lot of the left says
look man this this capitalism stuff that
seems to be creating isolation and
depression like how is it going is there
is there a conversation to be had about
how we figure out how we structure our
lives where community takes more of a
precedence where job security takes more
of a precedence all they say well ISM I
start to freak out no I just I know what
you're saying yeah but here's the thing
about socialism socialism in general
sounds like a terrible idea because a
lot of people are lazy and because it D
incentivizes people from action and
there's a certain thing that people
should have motivation to succeed they
should have some Drive and they get some
satisfaction out of achieving goals and
those are all things that I would not
want to deny any young person from I
think those those are really important
things for happiness and and one of the
things that they've studied when they've
studied happiness and people people that
are goal oriented and that set they set
goals and achieve those goals it's one
of the best markers for happiness and it
doesn't necessarily mean money you know
the problem is we like to think of it as
money as it's a money thing but in
athletics in art when people without
finance attached to it at all when
people set out to do something and then
do it they achieve a sense of self-worth
and happiness yes and then understand
understanding of yourself as who you are
this is what's missing from a lot of
people and and and again I'm not a
clinical psychologist I don't really
understand depression I don't I don't
suffer from it but i I've known enough
people that have to know that there's a
lot of different kinds of it it's all
different and I think some people just
have the
a broken brain there's something wrong
in there and it would be nice if there
was a chemical that could fit into that
slot and fix it and sometimes there is
for those people and sometimes it
changes their lives and then I've known
people that were on the wrong medical
Akari was on propecia and it was fucking
with him it gave him depression you know
and sometimes people they'll change
their diet and you know one of the
things that uh Rhonda Patrick was she
posted something I think it was on her
Twitter account how inflammation led
impulsive decision-making led to
cheating on your diet and led to poor
decisions in terms of like overall
lifestyle just from having higher levels
of inflammation so eating shitty food
not getting enough sleep drinking all
those things lead to inflammation
accents all those things caused you to
make more impulsive food choices shitty
food choices bad dietary choices bad
left lifestyle and rest choices like
they're all it almost like information
wants more of it here it is study finds
an inflammation even at subclinical
levels in healthy participants may
provoke impulsive behavior and an
inability to delay gratification is that
amazing yeah it I start to pull back
with all this stuff and I always think
to myself like I think I think what you
and I are after like what when the
reason I'm happy and the reason I feel
so fulfilled is I'm able to express
myself really fully like fully like I
told you the other day
like I certain development in my life
like I was like I I want radical honesty
in the sense that I don't have to lie
about anything I don't want to lie about
anything
I want to be very honest you and I
haven't always been so honest with each
other right and well that's why we know
each other's so yes do well yes in the
minute we start fucking bullshitting
you're like oh well I do what but that
that's what you have your friends that
hold you accountable because they know
exactly who you are and it's very
important exact but that so so what that
allows you to do is to express yourself
fully and completely the original self
expression is my whole my credo my idea
but but so if eating well if eating well
see I don't want my body to get in the
way I don't want it to get in the way so
I investigate how to feel optimal
so that I can just not have it get in
the way and I can do the things I love
yeah
that is a form of expressing myself
fully I always wanted a box up so it was
such a mystery to me and I'll be I'm
nervous today because I gotta go
spar some fuck how long I've been doing
it know how many years almost five years
now but but but but I don't care about
you know that kind of enter you know I'm
not gonna Wayne wants me to fight if I'm
wants you to fight yeah but I'm not
gonna do I wanna I want to I don't want
to be an actor who takes fight as
hilarious twice and we're doing that to
you because he's a fighter and he's a
maniac man you've got to get in there
lace up the gloves at least one time
right you could fight throw the old left
right left
yeah and then I put on headgear and he
just puts in a mouthpiece and yeah it's
yeah he puts his gloves wherever he
wants well which is annoying but my
point is that I I feel like I'm
expressing myself in that vein I was
just trying to do it those shoulders
they're like ripe pomegranates really
you're okay I have a beautiful body
doesn't bother you at all
boxing doesn't injure you it's jiu-jitsu
and CrossFit that shit'll if you're not
careful yeah yeah I'm old now I have
warm-up boxing can definitely still
injure you do you um do warm up with
like bands what do you do you know I
just you know what I really honestly
what I do I have my my whole dynamic
stretching routine I do in the morning
when I walk in the gym I a sum up and I
just started moving very slowly I wore
my body up I start hitting the mix
really lightly and as I go I hit more
and more and I'm a meathead
I see those mitts and I want to smash
that's what happens that's what happens
then your back is how people have to
tell me yeah tell me don't start slow
start slow it's warm up warm up yes nice
Jesus you okay yeah all that cocaine mom
you doing coke now yeah but just a
little bro if you take the edge off
nobody did and nobody ever did a bunch
of cocaine and shit got better well I
wonder if people chewed a bunch of coca
leaves and sugar dosing coke I don't
hurt anybody trying that Thanks selling
the problem is a cure you crash you do
blow and you want to start a business
with your friend all these fucking you
can you microdose psilocybin because
there's no real crap I mean there's a
weird feeling after a mushroom trip but
there's no like devastating crash that I
hear people report
after cocaine cocaine apparently when
you on the comedown you just wrecked
yeah that's one of the roller coaster
ride like a lot of people they do the
cocaine and then they have the crash
that dopamine levels smash and then they
only feel good if they're doing cocaine
again because their body's so fucked up
that was about why you lose your house
like in three years a buddy of mine had
that and our other friend worked in a
rehab center he was trying to explain it
to us what was wrong yeah it's no joke
who's sad sad shit I had somebody
describe he emailed me and he described
what we were talking about my friend
Michael McDonald best friend committed
suicide and he's on the podcast talking
about and he was got emotional I was
heavy shit and uh somebody I know who
comes to my shows emailed me and I guess
he suffers some serious depression and
you know he described the like when was
so we call I say well how did they how
could they commit suicide that children
I mean how what happened like it makes
no sense he said for me it's like being
in a sauna and you know how you get too
hot you get so hard you have to get the
fuck out cuz you're into and he said
only there's nowhere to go you don't
have an exit you know I was in the song
yesterday and I've been in the song
lately at higher temperatures because
Gabrielle Reece she was on the podcast
and she was saying her husband you know
Laird Hamilton that bad ass surgery he
cranks his sauna up to 225 degrees and
when when people like he's like who's
been fuckin with my song I like it's
like it's lower than 225 and I'm like
Jesus Christ she's telling me this I'm
like 225 fuck so I put this on up to 200
yesterday and I was thinking now while
I'm lying there I'm like what if this
was the world forever it was 200 Ruiz
from now on forever the world's 200
degrees like how happy would you be with
your children could you still laugh I
was thinking like hum I couldn't I can
withstand that for over standing for 20
minutes that's what I do right but what
what would I do if that was like that
feeling of hot if it didn't kill you
that feeling of 200 degrees out would
you be willing to live through that like
how much would it's sad in your life
yeah how much would it weigh on you
a lot of course what I'm trying to say
is move out of Phoenix Arizona folks
that's so impressively hot it's not
worth in the farmer god
get yourself a Colorado Mountain home in
the width in the summer I was just up in
Boulder Boulder it needs to be a little
more aggressive like I was just in
Boulder and it just me like I I see a
grown man in the middle of the day with
a beard balancing on a handrail I'm like
you're an able-bodied man and it's
Friday at fucking to go to work right
now before you know there's another
dudes just sitting cross-legged with a
small little flute you know who you
played an elementary school dude just so
unaggressive this is paradise though wow
whatever I want a parrot they had a sale
on Clauses a few hippies bro what it
just makes aggressive I went percentage
of those people are there if there's a
hundred thousand people if they're ten
the whole place okay is there ten people
that are playing the flute they put they
put they put there's nothing about white
really wealthy white people that put
caffeine and and comfortable Footwear at
the top of their essentials yeah
comfortable Footwear what's wrong with
you I don't know man my feet to her yeah
put up fucking put up a leather sole in
your fucking foot it gonna work another
so I have your toes pinched a hard
wooden heels there you go I want yeah I
like that and have your toes pinch a
little bit
you got it and whirl and wear some wool
what's that call when you get bunions
get one of them things whatever go
manufacture shit drink your black coffee
but don't you think it's nice to have a
community like that well they're just
all about yoga and Sadhna sure I guess
it's comfortable until the zombie
apocalypse hits and then I'm not fucking
relying on that live you don't want to
live through the zombie apocalypse why
you don't Boulder is impossibly relaxed
that's what I watch The Walking Dead
which I don't anymore
uh-huh yeah but when I used to watch it
all the time for the just annoying me to
the point where I couldn't take anyone
after a while it I was always like I
don't want to do this why would you want
to do this survival I mean people commit
suicide now guys like that are doing
well their life is great yeah and they
have loved ones yeah they commit suicide
you tell me that people just gonna live
through this nonsense Jamie bring up
Dresden before and after the war
and take a look at that they say the
middle of Dresden was how does the Sun
jeez
speaking of 200 degrees because of the
when the Allies bombed it but just take
a look at the what it looked like before
and after
ooh we're so lucky we'd all have to
tolerate that kind of shit right now
I remember who was the guy who wrote oh
god where that worthy where the monsters
are where the I wrote a children's book
it was a call where the monsters aren't
alone and he was he was in the war do
you believe in God he said and he just
casually said no the war took care of
that for me I never forgot it now it was
a fuck
yeah he just died but five years ago I
had Eddie Israel on yesterday and we
were talking about wars of aggression
and that most likely we've seen the end
of wars of aggression as trying to
conquer new territory like that world
war ii is probably the last one of those
look at that man so that was Dresden
Dresden looked like the surface of the
Moon
- and they were really done with it oh
my god
yeah oh my god that lady got barbecued
yes
it's hell terrific those are all bodies
man yeah that was stairs dressing very
nice go stop scrolling look at that what
the fuck man yeah that's what war did
that's what World War two is the true
destruction of old Europe imagine what
it would look like to to watch those
bombs hit and just level everything like
that well it was carpet bombing so
civilians that you know the objective
was actually to kill the the German
worker to really bring that country to
its knees it was it was back when total
devastation the enemy was essentially a
tactic there's a horrible horrible thing
Wow
yeah it's is these images was so
stunning okay this is now human beings
we build yet they prevail yeah and you
know decades but we were talking about
yesterday was so that would most likely
have seen the end of these wars of
conquest where people try and take over
new territories right this territory is
no longer a commodity now its services
its ideas its technologies its
land in that sense yeah but even the
concept was that we're moving in a
better direction and that things are
becoming less and less at least overtly
aggressive more people are able to see
what's really going yeah and more people
can communicate mean this is really the
only generation ever like these last two
or three generations where you're able
to easily translate anything that
anyone's saying in any other country
like how often do you go like I'll read
like khabib nurmagomedov Instagram page
and it's in Russian you know and I'll
translate it and so I could read what
he's saying and I do that with a lot of
his other fighters too I just hit the
translate button yeah like how dope is
that brings you closer to them yeah well
do you get to know them you know you
know and you you see that they they're
pretty fucking similar even though
they're different you know they're in
the family worship and their food and
their community they laugh they laugh
yeah I mean it's humorous insults with
each other if you live there you'd be in
that style of living too and it's a hard
place to live so you got to be a tough
motherfucker that's right yeah that's
right but there's a predictors there's
something predictable too about how to
live there certain norms and practices
you know with Russia being run by Putin
that seems to me to be the last big
country that might invade somebody like
Russia being run by Putin you could
almost see him pulling a Crimea
somewhere else in the world you could
almost see him I think Russia and I
think the history of Russia I have not
been there I was there when I was very
young but I've not been there since I
and I have people have gone there and
they they actually really enjoy it and
it's you know just great people like
great people the Russian people who
suffered maybe more than anybody in the
20th century but great people and an
industrious and everything else but I do
think that they're run by a gangster
well but it's not just that they're run
by a gangster yes but I think that
sometimes the way a populist thinks
about certain things can inform their
destiny right so
so think about this if you were always
invaded and you had a flat topography
and tanks could roll in German tanks
whatever it is and you paid such a price
price for that again I told you when I
went there in 1985 you didn't see any
old men yeah they were all killed
but aggression male aggression was what
kept those Nazis at bay and when they
were when they surrounded Leningrad and
now st. Petersburg and stuff like that a
lot of stories in it and I think that
when you've been traumatized to the
extent that Russia has been traumatized
certain strengths you know the ability
to stand up against aggression and to be
brave and powerful those become that
that becomes the commodity that's where
that's the guy that gets all the money
all the women all the you know whatever
and I think that's a product of their
history so Putin is an admired man Putin
get I bet you the Putin had very fair
elections he would get elected in to
power he's respected you try to say he
doesn't have fair elections yeah well
there's a website my larger point one
record I'm not saying that I'm not
saying that sir I don't know anything
about Russian elections but I will say
this I don't know why you're putting
words in my mouth what the hell is going
on would get elected anyway I think just
a symbol of them so might be allowed
open criticism of them well there is
open criticism believe it or not sure
are the guys would get shot it was not
openly criticized and then they get shot
there's actually there's actually there
is a press that actually is critical
right right right but he's not you know
they've killed journalists yes it's not
a threat to his power
well how many how many journalists have
been murdered I don't know but enough
poisoned in all kinds of weird google
google journalist critical of Putin
murdered also his supporters would beat
the shit out of you yeah so sure so what
I'm saying is that I think Russia's what
are you saying I think Russia needs to
embrace a difference after strengths are
you a foreign policy adviser yes I am
they said no this is a philosophy I have
this is my philosophy ready okay
so my philosophy is this this country is
a great country and our culture is an
interesting culture why why because not
only are we representative hard
strengths the military the NFL the
can you FC all that shit the what Eagles
and Eagles fucking alright bro you're
right
it's a classic that Canada's fucking
national anthem is a beaver
well Russia's a bear okay but so America
is again a very aggressive but you know
what America's secret is we've also
provided safe corner to our gentler
spirits what is this violent deaths of
journalists started in the Yeltsin era
okay so they just been doing that yes
forever yes
so there's just like presidents just do
that in Russia always half murderer
crossfire terrorist act in 2008 there
was six of those did murder only there
was another six listen two of them were
brought to trial look at me right now
Putin is Gandhi Putin is Gandhi compared
to Khrushchev Gandhi compared to Stalin
Gandhi compared to Lenin Gandhi compared
to any anybody who was in power before
him those guys used to kill wholesale I
mean then that's a fact up to their
elbows in blood who was that guy that
got murdered recently that was running
it was a political opponent they shot
that dude down so when his death was not
related to the journalists work the
conviction rate exceeds 90% well I put
him in jail too if they don't just kill
him when the debt what does that quote
though when the death was not related to
the journalists work to convict so
you're talking about the rates of
conviction oh that was a weird quote Oh
rates of conviction are very high yeah
of course - the guy with the Rings got
in that society they do though espionage
those kind of trials yeah you're going
straight to the pokey son do not pass go
good luck with your trial that's true
the judge is like yeah I listened to you
20 years
fuck off but aggressive missile
aggressive part of the world the united
states like Russia however we're smarter
no we're better we know we are the
tectum power we protect our funnier why
are we funnier because we're better
that's not to general Sauron James at
the commissary
- general sir you too general this is a
quiz why we're bad free because we we
have protections for our that the people
on the fringes are creatives our weirdos
our fashionistas all the people that
make our culture interesting
Stephen jobs he said wasn't good at
CrossFit no he's gonna yell at an
employee yeah either was Mohandas K
Gandhi and Martin Luther King but they
but we provide they at least there was
Duke recourse at least we know that
there are softer strengths that have to
be protected it makes you more
interesting and it makes you more
creative and stronger you got to be
innovative
you're innovators are weirdos yes like
Linda revision I apparently was gay
what Oh rages yeah wait a minute guess
what what there are a lot of very smart
in Russia if you're gay it's not that
safe for you right you get stuff a
building yeah so what you do is when you
do that with people who are creative and
you you marginalize a group of people
because they're different in the name of
purity or whatever didn't they make like
really weird public statement about
homosexual I like the law in Russia like
its homosexuality illegal in Russia well
a lot of times that are equated with
pedophiles the LGBT community has a real
trouble there and and it's hard to get
apartments it's more of subtle it's hard
to it's hard to just live and make a
living so what happens is all those
creative people who could be
contributing and coming up with
beautiful ideas they're they're
marginalizes perverts deviants and
that's the dumbest yeah don't get to
inherit the earth the meek a lot of
times that the people that provides you
your fucking goodies Russian gay
propaganda law for the purpose of
protecting children from information
advocating for a denial of traditional
family values oh the gay propaganda law
and the anti-gay law the bill that was
unanimously approved by the State Duma
on 11th of June 2013 holy shit man so
you want to protect children from
exposure to you know home activity yeah
and it was signed into law by President
Vladimir Putin yeah on the 30th of June
2013 how long is he gonna be present so
let me but let me ask you a better
question so with those kind of laws
there's kind of lost okay that
marginalize anybody that's not it's not
normal quote-unquote that's not right
traditional prototypical male-female
right awesome when was the last time you
bought and I'll wait when's the last
time you bought one Russian product
please
besides the fact that they're
essentially a one crop economy which is
oil and I guess some other commodities
what happens is you kill all your
creativity what happens is you are not a
strong country your weaponry isn't even
good that's the irony of all this shit
right you have that mindset and you have
one idea of what strength is you're
gonna be fuckin weak and you're not
gonna be creative he's a Kalashnikov for
good rifle it's a very good rifle make
some good shit design in 1957 I believe
okay 2012 previously holding the
position for 2000 2008 so he's been
right now he's on seven years in office
this is our sir he's been longer that
learning that yeah but I mean seven now
currently and then he did eight years
before yeah yeah but he didn't even take
four years off when he took four years
off he was like running shit from behind
he's got to look like I'll kill you like
he's like I will kill you it's a black
belt right definitely kill you oh yeah
legit black belt in judo yeah like he
can actually throw people around
probably smartest fuck and and in his
mind you know Putin is running a country
that requires a strong man yeah it's who
they respect right so he's caught in
that - even if he freakin world let's
say you're the king of the world how you
fix Russia you you you come back come at
them with up you present an idea the
idea I just presented which is the idea
that you you might want to protect the
people that you consider to be queers
deviants and weirdos nerds or whatever
they are because those people a lot of
times are your creatives I don't know
why but they are so you think they lived
in too much of a wartime culture for
like for too long I don't if they
develop this hardness to them that
that's why they're lacking in the
creativity and the innovation and I
don't think they can afford that and I
don't and I think that a lot of times
when you've been traumatized that you're
dealing still with the residue and the
trauma of World War one in World War two
and that's very real and you know and
also by the way communism and having
nothing and and you know they have
strong communities I mean my friend went
to Russia and said everybody was nice to
him
fucking they're good people and they're
innovative people in their cream look at
how good they are at boxing anything the
Russians put their mind to that they
that they hold value for like strengths
like MMA like like boxing
how good they are so they're they're
incredibly industrious disciplined smart
people so I just wish I'm sorry how do
you get weed over you hell no I bet you
don't I bet if you have money you get
everything you want right if your money
yeah if you're connected to the
oligarchy but but I think P nuns ever
tried DMT oh I think he's too measured
for that well I think he would want to
know you know baby
I bet he's done a lot of shit he does
whatever he wants yeah but yours are how
many how many checks you think he's got
a stable well I I I will tell you this I
truly believe this I think that he does
he can just sit there and he has women
flocked to him oh for sure they love him
for sure the best circle in the world he
is never doing it right that's kind of
power why my my wife was like he's he's
hot whoa I go but he's he's a gangster
she does
who doesn't like a gangster ooh jeez I'd
walk away house oh it's uncomfortable
steal your girl yeah take your girl yeah
still your get your football ring hear
about that know the story but fucking
Sturgill told me about this he who was
the football player where Putin stole
his ring Google that the owner of the
Patriots was it him it wasn't a player
it was just the owner of the Patriots is
that the guy that Kraft that guy okay so
he had this Super Bowl ring on he meets
Putin Putin says can I hold green you
know and then they takes the ring off
puts noise like he said something like
you could smash someone's face with this
ring and laughed and then just walked
off with the ring and they were like hey
where's the ring is like no he just
stole the ring is you know Harvey Keitel
really just took his ring why my ring no
that's awesome this my ring a dick so he
just decided he wanted it and took it
off the guy's hand and was laughing and
walked off with it as the story goes
craft handed the diamond studded ring to
Putin as a bit of show-and-tell I could
kill someone this ring
Putin reportedly said as he fitted to
his finger then when Kraft held up his
hand to get it back Putin surrounded by
KGB agents wordlessly slipped the ring
into his pocket Wow
news circulated quickly the ring was not
meant to as a gift which prompted Kraft
to issue the statement at the time at
the end of a very productive three-hour
business
with President Putin I showed the
president my most recent Super Bowl ring
Kraft said upon seeing the ring
President Putin a great knowledgeable
sports fan was clearly taken by its
uniqueness at that point I decided to
give him the ring as a symbol of the
respect and admiration that I have for
the Russian people and the leadership of
President Putin aka I want to live I
want to live I think this this my ring
no I do I do have an admiration I just
think you think he's ever killed anybody
with a ring yes
probably he was beaten people to death
by Birds W Bush administration had
pressured him at the time to let go of
the ring to avoid an international
incident
that's hilarious Wow a 2013 craft
reneged and offered some backstory about
the incident a legging alleging that the
Bush administration had pressured him at
the time to let go of the ring Wow it
would really be in the best interest of
us-soviet relations if you meant to give
the ring as a present crafter crawls the
White House saying I really didn't want
to I had an emotional time of the ring
it has my name on it Kraft said I didn't
want to see it on ebay but but maybe
putting this stuff you know there's a
language barrier so he'd probably
misunderstood listen but he said no he
didn't shut the fuck up the Russian
propaganda agent there was a pause at
the other end of the line and the White
House voice repeated it would really be
in the best interest if you meant to
give the ring as a pin calm put in the
faith bro no I'm saying shut down your
bag when he took that ring he punked
that dude and took his ring Isana thief
he's a gangster yeah up there punk why
Harvey Keitel to dry 124 diamonds the
great Harvey Keitel yes
told me a story I think it was him they
said you know remember Nikita wouldn't
know what's that what's that fucking La
Femme Nikita La Femme Nikita remember
the actress and the TV show yes I met
her once she was she went to Russia
candy Alexander's so to ask okay so she
went to Russia with her boyfriend Putin
liked her he used to watch the show all
the time I heard this from I think his
Harvey Keitel he kept that dude out into
another room and had her out on the
me talking there the whole time and
basically he could the guy couldn't get
back in it was very clear that Putin was
making a play for La Femme Nikita and
it's like you're in my town now you you
go over there you take a seat and then
you came here take a seat I'm gonna take
what's mine and apparently she was gonna
I don't think she's doing obviously but
you know let's pretend she did right
there it is there it is
and he dug her where's Jack Nichols
boyfriend ain't around bro
boyfriends not a reverend he's not there
bro he's not allowed to be in the same
issue of legs for this he was apparently
locked out he was like trying to get in
the room and they're sorry we didn't
know well it's kind of interesting when
you see a guy running a country like
that in 2019 that he could run the
country in that gangster fashion more
interesting that had guided people to
what Sean Penn yeah it's more
interesting to me that he's gotten
himself in a position where people would
actually vote for so it technically has
been democratically elected yeah I bet
at a certain point in time they don't
know who the fuck should be running
things over there yeah Bryan Callen
gotta end this you gotta end early to
that friend oh it's great but always
come see me in my may 9 10 11
Orlando did you did you did you talk
about bright it's yes you're in the
Miami improv may 7th 8th and 9th correct
no no don't lie in 12 10 and 11 catty 9
10 11 yeah now you ruined everything
no no they they're listening still and
at nine eleven
I've had May 17-18 oh I got some days to
that I just started selling they just
went on sale I am going to be in where
the fuck am I August 10th in San
Francisco I'm in Mountain View nice yes
Mountain View at the shoreline
amphitheater on August 10th August 9th
I'm in Portland Oregon whoo
Portland and then on the 23rd I'm in
Denver Colorado for two shows at the
Belko theater son at the Belko alright
kids that place Joe Rogan calm for Alma
keep her arms heavy and your belly tight
what does that mean I don't know it just
sounds like
something heavy I want my own Billy Joel
our song really yeah I camera the songs
piano man oh gosh
no is it uptown girl no Brian you're a
silly goose and I love you
I'll see you later Oh Bryan Callen comm
b ry t fat k for tickets or Bryan Callen
calm bye everybody
[Music]